hello to all his laws his luck on monday
October 14, 2013
here I am again my video unfortunately
because the video I did before
we have not been registered so that's it
so I was doing some
double reset on my ds at once my 3ds
parents and my 3ds xl pokemon this is I
sweet and sour hunt since now
three days and I finally got it
found so that's it's not on this
version wants to find them on so I have
bought both versions I found them
on the y it's not a main party
but it does not matter I 'll do the
charges as soon as possible
so here I came across a
gorgeous chagny frog wait i
will tell you after five hundred
sixty that's after 573 is I
came across this beautiful frog
shiny here is there is a little blue
paler than usual this is at
last of 573 is is search 14h12
so that took me three days
here we are, so let's know it's me
that's usual at number 07 on the
pokedex grenoux smala good game level 6
because unfortunately as I you
I said I already made a video before
a video that has been erased
So I redo the video so here
I have a little bit of progress in
the adventured of not many these are these
frogs I wanted to show it in
summary and that's so it's rigid to
nature is meeting and watercolorist
he is proud of his power so that I
believe that it increases the tacc here
that's fine it's fine then frog
chagny ben voila my first pokemon
shiny here for this sixth
generation with x and y
my first pokemon chagny that
I was waiting for I was waiting
so glad to have it you can
not know
this is always long reset in
same time everything is known that
respects the already knows
it takes arts hours the problem
is that starters is even more
annoying I explain why because
that in fact
if we really want his starter we can
not to advance in the adventurous
so we're stuck we can do nothing
else and that's what's annoying
it's not like looking for a pokemon in
the tall grass we can always
put it back later or what am I
really happy to have it because it
did the third day and I had
really want to move finally into the
adventure so here I go now
to do a fight that's why I had a
little bit advanced story to get there
where there is also said yesterday I ride the
it's worth fighting my first
pokemon shine to good frogs then
before I want to clarify a little
info it's been over two years that I
hunting pokemon shiny so it's not
really my first but let's say that
it's my first officially because
I already changed my nickname
now my name is rent know
before I had a different nickname and
this is my other shiny I gave them to
my little cousin who adore and pokemon
whose cities loved is absolutely
I said to myself anyway I repeat
in hand I restart at zero by many
and that's what I did here
animal frog first pokemon
chagny we'll see him now at
fight against forced to rest then
3d fights watching
that the stars have your your good
frankly there I even want to
see you once just roloson
frankly it was too good and that's it
so 3d fights that's huge I
find it too good here so we go
well admire the notary stars of
second
it's too beautiful it's beautiful ah he
is too much green robot shit to wimple to
3 projects there assets since I
So here we go we'll do this
little combination so here I leave you
it was praised know I greet the way
all cats nor hunter and who pass
also still struggling for hours and
some who arrive I saw on
internet already youtube videos
I just on the forums there are some who
who had already found stars doing
I tell them frankly congratulations him
broken with girls it's cool way
it's always nice to have a home
here we are I will continue to post
other videos I salute all ages
all who will hunt shiny all
as I am here when I am you
will certainly find on a
next video it's even strong
likely
here we go we can see a
last time this Friday to the
fassois septime attacks had said
very fast
good go good luck missed